

It's not her fault that she's so irresistible.
But all the damage she's caused isn't fixable.
Every twenty seconds you repeat her name.
But when it comes to me you don't care.
If I'm alive or dead.
So objection, I don't wanna the be the exception.
To get a bit of your attention.
I love you for free and I'm not your mother.
But you don't even bother.
Whenever, wherever.
We're meant to be together.
I'll be there and you'll be near.
And that's the deal, my dear.
Thereover, hereunder.
You'll never have to wonder.
We can always play by ear.
But that's the deal, my dear.

Lucky that my lips not only mumble.
They spill kisses like a fountain.
Lucky that my breasts are small and humble.
So you don't confuse them with mountains.
Lucky I have strong legs like my mother.
To run for cover when I need it.
And these two eyes that for no other.
The day you leave will cry a river.

Ladies up in here tonight.
No fighting.
We got the refugees up in here (no fighting)
No fighting.
Shakira, Shakira.
I never really knew that she could dance like this.
She make a man wants to speak Spanish.
¿Cómo se llama? (Sí), bonita (sí)
Mi casa, su casa (Shakira, Shakira).
Oh, baby, when you talk like that.
You make a woman go mad.
So be wise (sí) and keep on (sí)
Reading the signs of my body (uno, dos, tres, cuatro).
I'm on tonight.
You know my hips don't lie (no fighting)
And I'm starting to feel it's right.
My will and self-restraint.
Have come to fail now, fail now.
See, I am doing what I can, but I can't so you know.
That's a bit too hard to explain (uno, dos, tres, cuatro).
Baila en la calle de noche.
Baila en la calle de día.
I never really knew that she could dance like this.
She make a man wants to speak Spanish.
¿Cómo se llama? (Sí), bonita (sí).
Mi casa, su casa (Shakira, Shakira).
Oh, baby, when you talk like that.
You know you got me hypnotized.
So be wise (sí) and keep on (sí)
Reading the signs of my body
Señorita, feel the conga
Let me see you move like you come from Colombia
Yeah (ladies sí) (yeah yeah)
(Hey, yeah)
¡Mira en Barranquilla se baila así, say it!
En Barranquilla se baila así (yeah).
Hey, brra!
Yeah, she's so sexy, every man's fantasy.
A refugee like me back with the Fugees from a third world country.
I go back like when 'Pac carried crates for Humpty Humpty.
We leave the whole club dizzy.
Why the CIA wanna watch us?
Colombians and Haitians.
I ain't guilty, it's a musical transaction.
Bo bop so bop, no more do we snatch ropes.
Refugees run the seas 'cause we own our own boats (no fighting).
I'm on tonight, my hips don't lie.
And I'm starting to feel you, boy.
Come on, let's go, real slow.
Baby, like this is perfecto (no fighting).
Oh, you know I'm on tonight, my hips don't lie.
And I am starting to feel it's right.
The attraction, the tension.
Baby, like this is perfection.
No fighting.
A domesticated girl that's all you ask of me.
Darling it is no joke, this is lycanthropy.
The moon's awake now, with eyes wide open.
My body is craving, so feed the hungry.
I've been devoting myself to you.
Monday to Monday.
And Friday to Friday.
Not getting enough retribution.
Or decent incentives to keep me at it.
I'm starting to feel just a little abused.
Like a coffee machine in an office, uh.
So I'm gonna go somewhere closer.
To get me a lover and tell you about it.
To locate the single man.
I've got on me a special radar.
And the fire department hotline.
in case I get in trouble later.
Not looking for cute little divos.
Or rich city guys, I just want to enjoy.
By having a very good time.
and behave very bad in the arms of a boy.

